Extra credit problems:

There are two prerequisites to do the extra-credit programming problems.

1. Do the exercises named "hw2 sec 3.3 #10" given in class today.

2. Install any Python 3.7 (or 3.6) version to be able to run python as a
   command in a terminal.

   I will hold extra help in New CS 106 during my Monday morning and
   Thursday afternoon office hours to help those who need.


For extra credit problems:

a) Get the two files cafe.da and tarski.da.

   They contain two programs that you can start with for the two
   programming problems below.

b) Run the following two commands:

      python -m pip install --pre pyDistAlgo
      
      python -m da ...cafe.ca

   The first installs DistAlgo, an extension of Python for programming
   distributed algorithms, but we will only use its advanced queries that
   include quantification.

   The second runs the program in cafe.da, where "..." is the path to your
   directory that contains cafe.da.  Similarly, you can run with file
   tarski.da in place of cafe.da.

   Note that you don't need to install Python if you use the CS labs (e.g.,
   New CS 106, to which all students in CSE215 have card access), where you
   can replace "python" with "python36".


Now the two programming problems [total 23 points]:

1. Program the cafeteria problem in Exercise Set 3.3 #10 (a,b,c,d,f). [3pts each]

   You can do this by starting with cafe.da: replace the 4 statements with
   your 5 statements for #10 (a,b,c,d,f).

2. Program the Tarski's World problem in Examples 3.3.1 and 3.3.2. [4 pts each]

   You can do this by starting with tarski.da: (1) replace the blocks with
   the blocks in Figure 3.3.1, and (2) replace the 4 statements with the 2
   statements for the two examples.  Note, for (2), you may need to define
   some more predicates.

Running your program using "python -m da" should print "--------" followed
by the truth values of the statements you programmed, as done in the given
da files.


For submission, add your two program files, cafe_sol.da and tarski_sol.da,
to your single zip file for submission.
